# Kursmaterialien
In this repository you find the course materials for courses organized by the students of the faculty of computer science of the TU Dresden.


## Initial remarks
Although, in the following the term *course* is used, it refers as well to workshops, talks etc.

For referencing, folder naming etc. course names should always be given in *all_lower_snake_case*.

Ideas for exercises, course contents etc. should be posted as an issue prefixed with the course name.

While working on a course please do so on a separate branch.

_**Important:**
The folders containing the actual source code for the ruby and C course slides have each been moved to a dedicated repository:_
- new [Ruby lesson source location](https://github.com/fsr/ruby-lessons)
- new [C lesson source location](https://github.com/fsr/c-lessons)

_So have the templates, new [template repository location](https://github.com/fsr/lesson-templates)._

## Main Repository structure
The repository follows a strict structure:
* **templates/** contains needed templates for the initialization of courses
  * **latex/** contains latex templates
  * **html/** contains HTML templates
* Each course has its seperate folder. Courses that build upon each other or concern the same topic may share a folder (e.g. "Introduction to C programming" and "Advanced C programming" might share the course "C programming")

## Course folder structure
Each course has a structure as follows. This structure will be generated by the *init_course.sh* script:
* **slides/** contains the precompiled slides as *.pdf*
  * **examples/** is an optional folder that may contain examples referenced in the slides, each one in their respective subfolders
* **exercises/** contains the precompiled exercises as *.pdf*
  * Given the case that an exercise needs additional files, it gets its own folder
* **latex/** contains the sources for the slides and exercises documents
  * **slides/** contains the sources for the slides as *.tex*
  * **exercises/** contains the sources for the exercises as *.tex*
  * **img/** contains the images included by the slides and exercises documents. Vector-based formats like *.svg* are preferred.
* **info/** contains all meta-information about the course(s)
  * **html/** contains *.html*-files that describe the course(s). These should at least provide information like prerequisites, a roadmap, eligibility for accreditation and time requirements
